Lives of mere pawns like us…
-We must--
-No.
"We"?
You and I are enemies.
Would you like some?
I'm not hungry.
Didn't you say you'll rip me to shreds?
I said some harsh words… I admit it.
How did you find out?
The room inside your office.
It's quite impressive.
Please keep it
from the students.
Of course.
You work for my agency after all.
How could a mere agent like me
blow your cover?
We're on the same side.
Mr. Lee.
Since both of our lives
are in their hands,
let me tell you something.
Though I yielded to their power
since I'm weak,
I still think they're evil people who
frame the innocent to climb the ladder.
I've never…
sold my students out to them.
Then,
Let's save the students…
together.
Save?
Hey.
Go back to where you were.
I didn't plant the bug!
So how can I have any tape to give you?
When you
disguised yourself as a delivery guy
and came in to film Mr. Nam with this,
you planted the bug, you bastard!
Damn.
If I'd known this would happen,
I would've just planted my bug.
COSMOS TOYS
Let's get to work.
Dong-jae. Oh Dong-jae!
Open this! Come on!
Open up!
Open it!